DATABASE TESTING WITH JMETER
Setup database in your system eg MySQL.
Download mysqL connector jar file, unzip n extract it.
Copy the jar file and paste it in the jmeter lib folder and then start jmeter.
Open jmeter >> Right click on Test Plan, click on Add, click on Thread users,select Thread group.
Right click on thread group , click on Add, select Config Element , click on JDBC Connection Confiuration
Enter a variable name in the Variable Name for created pool tab(e.g test).
Scroll down to Database Connection Configuration(This setup is very important for your test to run).
Database URL:jdbc:mysql://serverName:portNum/SchemaName example jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/sql_store
JDBC Driver Class:click on the dropdown and select com.mysql.jdbc.Driver
Enter your database username for instance your mysql username e.g (root)
Enter your database password
Right click on Thread group, click on Add, click on Sampler, select JDBC Request
Name your JDBC Request example JDBC Request1
Variable Name of pool declared in JDBC Connection Configuration: enter the same varaible name you entered in JDBC connection confiuration eg (test)
Query Type: Choose Select Statement
Enter query:  SELECT * FROM table_name on mysql  eg SELECT * FROM products
Add Listeners. Right click on Thread group, click on Add, click on Listeners, select any listener eg View Result Tree, View Results in Table save your test and run
Note that You can increase the number of users, loop count and ramp-up period and re-run your test. 
ADDITIONAL: ADD MORE JDBC REQUEST
Right click on thread group, click on Add, click on Sampler, select JDBC Request
Name your JDBC Request eg JDBC Request2
Enter your variable name (same Variable name as in JDBC Connection Configuration )eg test
Query Type Select Update Statement
Enter your query eg. INSERT INTO SchemaName.tableName(table headings) then enter the values in the next line. 
Example: 
INSERT INTO sql_store.products(product_id,name,quantity_in_stock,unit_price)
VALUES(11,'Grilled Chiken',73,4.05)
save and run
